To complete the discussion on the item processor,
I'm going to demonstrate running the full batch job using the
fully implemented ItemReader and ItemProcessor.
The ItemWriter will continue to output the PatientEntity to the System.
err log.
Note that I'm following Demo 18 found in the DEMOS.
md file of the root project directory.
With the full item reader and processor in place and the writer stubbed,
let's try to execute the job.
Make sure in the toolbar that you've selected the
PatientBatchLoaderApp and run the server.
I see here that the server started successfully,
so I can open up the REST Client.
Once again in the REST Client, I'm using the HTTP method of GET,
the URL of localhost:8080, and the path of /job/test-unit-testing.
csv.
Let's run that now.
If it was successful, you should get a Success message returned.
Now let's look at the runtime log.
Verify that you see a line noting the start of the job,
a line that outputs the PatientEntity data,
and a line that denotes success for the job.
That completes the execution of the job using the ItemReader,
ItemProcessor, and stub. writer.